- Previously
on "The Hunting Party"...
- Your father is the only one
who can tell me who my
biological parents really are.
- Can I speak with him?
- You know you can't.
- That's my mother.
- I know this drug.
- We found the name
of the biotech firm
that made the IV bag--
Whitmore Sciences.
That is Whitmore.
- And right beside him.
that's AG Mallory.
- Your job is to ensure
the recapture of any
and all escaped inmates
from the Pit.
- You know what?
I'm done.
It's time you told Bex
and Hassani everything.
- Special Agent Henderson.
we need to talk
about the blast.
I know you've been asking
questions about James Whitmore.
and I need to warn you.
that's a very dangerous
line of inquiry.
- OK. well.
what we do know is that he
killed his head researcher.
He was behind the breach
at Silo 12.
What we don't know is why.
- 10 years ago.
Whitmore Sciences
began developing a drug
called GWB45.
an empathy modulator designed
to increase or decrease
empathic responses
in human subjects.
- And by subjects.
you mean inmates of the Pit?
Psychopaths with no empathy?
- Scientists at the Pit
saw it as an opportunity
to treat their psychopathy.
increase their ability
to feel empathy.
- And the military?
- Possible treatment for PTSD.
Imagine turning down
a soldier's response
before going to war.
No more mental anguish
over the constant loss of life.
- I'm sorry. sending
a young soldier into war
as an empathy-free
killing machine?
That's not exactly moral.
- Still. James Whitmore
made some major breakthroughs
with this drug. so major
that the military decided
to assume control
over the project
as a matter
of national security.
When Whitmore learned
he was going to lose access
to his experiments.
to his test subjects.
he flew into a rage.
- He sent a tactical team
inside Silo 12
to retrieve the inmates
he believed belonged to him.
The plan was to extract
his test subjects
and kill anyone
that got in his way.
- But his tactical team
encountered resistance
in the tunnels of the Pit.
and we now know
some of his test subjects
are still unaccounted for.
- I haven't seen you
here before.
- Yeah. I'm in
from out of town.
- Oh. how long you visiting?
- One night.
- One?
But you just got here.
- Well. if you know
what you're doing.
one night can last
forever. right?
- Can I get you
another drink. Anna?
You're looking low.
- You know.
I don't usually let men
buy me two drinks in a row.
You're not trying to take
advantage of me. are you?
- I'm a perfect gentleman.
I swear.
- Can I get two more drinks?
- Yeah. You got it.
- Manhattan for the lady
and an old-fashioned
on the rocks.
Put it on my tab.
Whoa. are you all right?
Anna?
What's wrong?
Let me help you.
- No. no. I'm fine.
- Whoa. whoa. you OK?
- Yeah.
Can you--can you help me?
I think he put something
in my drink.
- Of course.
- You OK?
I got you. I got you.
I'm gonna get you home safe.
- One night can last
forever. right?
- Somebody save me.
Seriously. I need help.
Do we love it?
Or do we hate it?
Somebody save me.
Seriously. I need help.
Do we love it?
Or do we hate it?
No. I don't know. guys.
this is tough.
Do we love it?
What's going on?
Or do we hate it?
- I love it.
- Whitmore was trying to erase
any evidence of his company
in the Pit.
- What about the explosion?
If this was just an extraction.
why blow the whole place up?
- Lazarus said it was
a by-product of the firefight.
- A by-product?
We found C-4 in the rubble.
- That's one way
to erase any evidence
of Whitmore's involvement.
- So you're telling me
this whole thing comes down
to a disagreement
about patent rights
for some super soldier pill?
- Sure. that
and the trillion-dollar market
that comes with it.
- It was never about science.
It was always about money.
- All right. well. if your
contact is right about this.
we're gonna need some
hard evidence to prove it.
- Are you sure
we can trust Lazarus?
- She has her own agenda.
but her intel's good.
She pulled me out
of a dark place.
After I left the bureau.
I was untouchable.
She was running
a black ops team overseas.
She brought me in to profile
high-value military targets.
And then she took a position
helping to oversee the Pit.
She put me up
for the warden job.
She liked having someone on the
inside that she could trust.
I didn't have a lot of options
after what happened.
- Neither did I.
- You know.
sometimes I wonder
what our lives would look like
if I'd just put out that fire.
- I try not to think about it.
- Do you know anything else
about your mother?
- Sarah. I didn't even know
she existed until I was 18.
I mean. I--
I've spent my entire adult
life looking for her.
I--I have to know who she is.
Could we--could we take these
to your--your dad
and. I don't know.
maybe if he hears her voice.
he might remember?
Sarah?
- I. um--I didn't want
to tell you this before.
but I signed a DNR yesterday.
- What do you mean?
- Ever since the fall.
his condition has deteriorated.
He's. um--he's in a coma.
And the doctors don't know
if he will ever wake up.
Look. I know that my father
wasn't a good man.
but I can't prolong his
suffering on the off chance
that he actually wakes up and
suddenly remembers something.
I'm sorry.
- Sarah. it's OK.
I understand.
But I have to know who I am.
- I know.
We're gonna have to find
another way.
- Jen. Hey.
Hey. can I ask you something?
- Uh-oh. first name.
Something's wrong.
You lose your eHarmony
password again?
- No.
Um. can you run
vocal recognition
on an audio recording for me?
I. uh--
I need to know
whose voice this is.
- Can I speak with him?
Please. just one time.
- That's it?
- Can you do it?
- This isn't. like.
an ex-girlfriend thing. is it?
'Cause I--
- No. no. it's. um--
it's important.
- What's it for?
- I can't tell you.
I wouldn't ask if I had
any other way. but I just--
I need this done quietly.
- Send the file.
Looks like we're up.
- We just got a hit
on inmate L13. Jenna Wells.
Didn't they make
a movie about her?
- Oh. they made a few.
- I've seen a documentary
on her.
She's cold as they come.
Killed something
like 20 people.
- 24 confirmed.
All various ages and races.
- She poisoned her victims
by spiking
their medication
with hard-to-trace toxins
like ricin.
- Wait. how did she get access
to their medication?
- She was a pharmacist.
People got their
medications from her.
- Which is why they called her
the Killer Chemist.
- Well. that is not great
for my trust issues.
- This is 24 hours ago.
Pulled from police
body cam footage.
- She was pulled over
in Colorado Springs
for failing to use
her turn signal.
The ID that she gave
to the officer
belongs to a Margaret Albright.
- Fake ID?
- Unfortunately. no. the car
is registered to Albright.
but they look enough alike.
the cop didn't even notice.
- Similarities
don't end there.
Margaret Albright
is also a pharmacist.
- Was a pharmacist.
- Mm. dude.
- Come on.
we're all thinking it.
- Where is that car now?
- Uh. GPS says
Colorado Springs.
The address shows it
at Margaret's house.
- Get going.
- Mm.
- Anna. your apartment
is just to die for.
- Oh. this is gonna be fun.
- I will tell you
a little secret.
We can put whatever we want
in those orange pill bottles
and people will swallow it
without a second thought.
People are so careful in
certain aspects of their life
and so reckless in others.
I never understood
why my customers
automatically trusted me.
why they assumed
I wouldn't hurt them.
I mean. if I walked up to
a random stranger on the street
and I said. swallow this pill.
nobody would.
But if I'm behind that counter
in a white coat.
everything changes.
Maybe it's because
I look like a doctor.
even though pharmacy techs only
go to school for five months.
and suddenly...
I'm in charge
of Grandma's blood thinners.
It was fun.
It was fun to hand them
their little bottle
of 30 pills. knowing that one
bouncing around in there
would end them.
But when?
Hmm.
Who knows?
- OK. from now on.
I'm Eastern medicine only.
- How did you
choose your victims?
- I don't know.
I mean. I just did.
I mean.
Leslie whatever her name was
used to park her new BMW
next to my Camry.
She thought she was better
than me. so I started putting
neurotoxins in her LIPITOR.
I only found out she was dead
because she stopped
picking up
her automatic refills.
- OK. we get the picture. yeah?
- Oh. yeah. yeah. the female
guards hated working her block.
She creeped them out.
They talked about
her dead stare.
She was some kind of
alien or something.
- I mean. it's not far off.
Most people. even killers.
exist on this spectrum
of empathy.
I mean. even Son of Sam.
he said he eventually regretted
his killing spree too.
But Jenna. she is a rare
zero-empathy killer.
Being around people like that.
there's something not.
I don't know. human about them.
They don't understand
or exhibit emotions
in the traditional sense.
- So what happened
to make her like that?
- Nothing.
Some people
are just born that way.
which is terrifying
for a profiler
because their behavior falls
outside normal human drives.
There's no trauma to explain
their psychopathologies.
- So why did Jenna kill?
There's always a reason. right?
- Uh. simple jealousy.
With every case.
she was triggered
by the material objects
that someone else had
and the life she thought
went along with it--
someone's watches. their cars.
whatever it was.
anything that displayed
the veneer of an enviable life
that she wanted
but didn't have.
- Right. why should somebody
else get the life she wants?
- Exactly.
- All right.
we're landing in five.
and the airstrip's
a couple miles
from Margaret's place.
- Kitchen's clear.
- Place is empty.
Jenna's not here.
- Hey. found Margaret's phone.
Jenna ditched it in the trash.
- Well. it looks like Jenna
hasn't been here in a while.
- Question is.
where did she go?
- Your apartment
has so many windows. Anna.
Let's keep this closed.
We don't want any weirdo
Peeping Toms coming around.
- Guys. I found Margaret.
- Based on the patchy
red condition of the skin.
my guy thinks Jenna put cyanide
on the pad of a small bandage
and then placed it
at the base of the brain stem
to accelerate absorption.
- Any idea when she died?
- I mean. hard to say.
given where we found her.
Probably about a week.
But here's the kicker.
I spoke to some
of the neighbors.
and they saw Margaret
out here gardening
about two days ago.
- That would mean--
- Jenna was the one gardening.
Hey. Oliver.
What's up?
- Bex. we're sending you CCTV
of the pharmacy
where Margaret works.
Jenna posed as Margaret so she
could get in after hours.
She had access to any drugs
she could have wanted.
- OK. we need
to find her soon.
or there's gonna be
a lot more bodies.
- When was this taken?
- Four days after the blast.
- So Jenna came here.
she got what she wanted.
and then she hangs around
for. like. a week
pretending to be Margaret.
Why would she do that?
- Where else is she gonna go?
I mean. she's a fugitive
on the run.
Margaret's a good cover.
- Yeah. but this feels
like more than a place
to just lay low.
- Hey. guys. I went back
and pulled
Margaret's credit records.
If Jenna was living
in Margaret's home
for the past week.
she did a lot of spending--
groceries. takeout.
But get this:
there were multiple charges
from the same swanky bar
in Denver called the Tap Room
last Friday. Saturday.
and Sunday night.
- What was she doing. trying
to pick up a date as Margaret?
- Morales.
send us that address.
- Copy.
- We're closed.
- US Marshals.
We just need to ask you
a few questions.
- Never mind.
What can I do for you?
- Do you recognize this woman?
She goes by Margaret Albright.
You're kidding. right?
Don't you guys
ever talk to each other?
- What are you talking about?
- You and the local cops.
They came in last night.
asking about that woman too.
- Are you sure they were cops?
- They had badges.
Just like you.
- What did you tell them?
- Same thing
I'm gonna tell you.
I don't recognize her.
- Were you working last Sunday?
- I'm here every day.
- Right. so we know she came in
three nights in a row
and then she hasn't
been back since.
Did she leave with someone?
- Look. I didn't
overserve her. OK?
She must have been partying
before she got here
or something.
I only gave her one drink.
- Margaret?
- No. the woman she left with.
- Oh! What a day.
We picked up
the dry cleaning.
God. they charge an arm and
a leg these days. don't they?
We texted with Mom for a while.
Her birthday's coming up.
I think she appreciated
the attention.
Please. just let me go. OK?
I'm not gonna go to the police.
I'm not gonna tell anybody.
You can never have
enough vitamin D.
- Please. please.
I'm begging you.
Please. I just want
to see my mom. I just--
- We take the medicine
we're given.
Listen. this is just gonna
take the edge off a little.
Anxiety's a killer.
- Woman's name is Anna Thomas.
- I'm sending you
her address now.
- Odell. is there
any chance Mallory has
another team out there
looking for escapees?
- If she does. it's news to me.
- Yeah. right.
she wouldn't risk
having a second team
in the field.
- If they're not on our side.
whose side are they on?
- Scrubbing through the CCTV.
Got them.
I'm sending you
a pic of the guys
the bartender
was talking about.
They look like pros to me.
- Yeah. they're not local PD.
They're heavy hitters.
Whoever they are working for.
they might be ahead of you.
so do not take any chances.
Go in hot and heavy.
- Go.
- Clear.
- Clear here.
There's no sign of Jenna.
- Or Anna Thomas.
- Uh. I think I know
where she is.
Oh--
Oh.
- Same bandage. same poison.
- Why'd you let me
touch the screen?
- From the looks of it.
Jenna's been living here
since she left Margaret's.
- OK. so the question is.
why would she move on?
'Cause if her cover
was working.
if she felt comfortable
living in Margaret's house.
why go after Anna?
- Well. whatever the reason.
she got
pretty comfy there fast.
I mean. look at this.
There are 65 text messages
sent from Anna's phone
to various friends and family
after she was abducted.
- Hold on.
Jenna sent
Anna's friends texts.
Why?
- Well. sending messages
is a good way
to keep people from realizing
that Anna went missing.
Keeps up appearances.
- You can do that
in 5 messages. not 65.
OK. Jenna would poison
her victims out of jealousy.
She took advantage
of the blind trust
they had in her
as a pharmacist.
But once she killed them.
she found that she was still
stuck in the same lifestyle
she found unsatisfying.
Once she killed them. though.
that was that.
But here it feels like she's.
I don't know.
taking over their lives
with the gardening.
the texting.
What if it's more
than jealousy?
What if Jenna didn't just want
what Anna and Margaret had?
What if she actually wanted
to become them?
- OK. but that still
doesn't explain
why she went
from Margaret to Anna.
I mean. jealousy I get.
This place is a lot
nicer than mine.
but it's not exactly
worth killing over.
- In the field. you only
change up your cover
when someone catches on.
- Maybe it has
something to do
with those guys
who were after her.
- Whitmore's guys
are looking for Jenna.
Is she one
of his test subjects?
- Jenna Wells was a mistake.
- Did she receive
Whitmore's empathy drug?
- Yes. she was given
the highest dosage
in the entire cohort.
It had a profound effect
on her.
- Profound effect--
you want to elaborate on that?
Look. I've got two DBs
in refrigerators over here
and a killer on the loose
who. from what I can tell.
has something akin to
dissociative identity disorder.
So let's try that again.
What did the drug do to her?
- Whitmore split the atom.
He gave a psychopath
pure empathy.
Unfortunately.
the dosage required
had unintended side effects.
- Like blurring the lines
between self and others?
- Correct.
- So Jenna isn't
just pretending
to be her victims as a cover.
She actually thinks
she is them.
- We may have found something.
- I've been doing
a deep dive on Anna.
and there is something funny
about her work history.
She hasn't had a job
in two years
but can afford car payments
and rent on her house.
- She doesn't come
from money either.
Her parents aren't the ones
paying for all that.
- Yeah. but somehow
Anna can still afford
monthly cash deposits
between 5 and 6 grand.
- Welcome to the gig economy.
- What kind of gig
pays that much?
- Have you guys seen these?
- Bunch of identical
black dress shirts. So?
- You're thinking
she was a waitress?
- I mean. it would make sense
if she's getting paid in cash.
Morales. can you pull up
Anna's GPS history?
- Yeah. sending it to you now.
- Cherry Hill.
Greenwood Village.
Briar Estates--
she's been all over the city.
- Yeah. but look
at all the names.
Montclair. Congress Park--
these are fancy neighborhoods.
- That's 'cause she wasn't
a waitress.
She was a caterer.
- OK. let's cross-reference
some of the addresses
with credit card statements.
see if there's the name
of a catering company
hired recently.
- On it.
- You think she's
working there right now?
- One of Anna shirts
is missing.
- Got it.
Golden Mountain Catering.
They're having a party tonight.
- Where?
- Whitmore Pharmaceuticals.
- We just checked
the guest list.
There's over 200 people
at this event.
- And of course.
James refuses to fly
anything but private now.
- Well. the flight attendant
poured the whole drink
down my back.
So the trip to Monaco--
So you should
go there sometime.
- So beautiful.
You have to see the sunsets.
- Honey.
it's time for your toast.
- Excuse me.
- Ladies and gentlemen.
our CEO. James Whitmore.
- Please. everyone.
It's time to raise a glass.
- It all makes sense.
Jenna targeted Anna
to get to Whitmore.
- Hold on.
so this Whitmore guy
attacked a top secret
government facility
just to get
his science projects back?
- The drug trials Whitmore
was running down in the Pit
were worth a fortune.
and it turns out.
Jenna Wells
was at the center of all of it.
- Yeah. which is why
Whitmore's goons
were out there looking for her.
- But why blow up the Pit?
- Probably so he could cover up
what he was doing down there.
- Sure. just forget about all
the other people down there
who were just doing
their day jobs.
I mean. this guy
probably killed more people
than any of the serials
in the Pit.
- Every year. we celebrate
the Whitmore Foundation's
tireless commitment
to solving the world's
mental health crisis
with next-gen pharmaceuticals.
- How long have you guys
known about this?
- We weren't sure about
Whitmore until last night.
Look. Shane. I'm sorry.
We should have told you sooner.
- Yeah. man. we're not trying
to keep you in the dark.
Just. things are moving fast.
- That's fine.
I got secrets too.
Big secrets.
- We believe
in a healthier world.
a happier world.
and. for everyone in this room.
a richer world.
To the Foundation.
To the Foundation!
I've got the schematics
for the Whitmore Sciences
building.
I'm sending them to you now.
- And be careful.
If those are Whitmore's guys
at the bar looking for Jenna.
I'd expect resistance.
- How much security
does he have?
- We're about to find out.
- Those are definitely
the guys from the bar.
- Can I help you?
- US Marshals.
We need to get inside.
- Got a warrant?
- OK. no.
How about we try this instead?
You know that fugitive your
bosses have you looking for?
She's inside already.
Check for vitals.
- No sign of Jenna or Whitmore.
- Holy hell.
- I've got a pulse.
- Me too.
Morales. we're gonna need every
ambulance in the county now.
- I need you guys
to stay with them
until an ambulance comes. OK?
They couldn't have gotten far.
- Please!
- You really upset Jenna.
You know that?
- I wanted to make you better.
The drug was just
the beginning.
Please. Jenna.
- Jenna is gone!
- Drop the weapon!
- Stay down.
Stay on the ground!
- Sir. you OK?
- I'm fine. Rick. despite
your total incompetence.
- Let's get her in the car.
- I'm afraid
she's gonna stay here.
- Hey! Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
What the hell
are we doing. fellas?
- Puts your guns down. guys.
- That is not gonna happen.
You're gonna have
to drop yours.
- I am Special Agent Henderson
with the FBI.
Sir. you do not
want to do this.
- Jenna Wells is my property.
so yeah. I do.
- Hey. hey. hey. easy. easy.
- We are a prisoner recovery
task force
from the US government.
- I don't care.
That woman is my life's work.
I've been looking
everywhere for her.
- Yeah. unfortunately.
Jenna Wells
is gonna be coming with us.
So whether you guys want to get
shot or not. that is up to you.
- What are we doing here.
Mr. Whitmore?
- Mr. Whitmore.
I can't see.
- Shane. cover me.
- Jenna's on the move.
- I got you.
Come on.
- Hey--hey. Rick. you want
to have a little chat?
- Yeah.
- 'Cause your options are not
looking too good right now.
Your boss. he's dead.
And your guy. he just shot
a federal officer who. um--
Well. he happens to be
a really good friend of mine.
and I'm not that interested
in watching him die.
But I'm also not interested
in killing you.
so let's make a deal.
You toss your gun.
and you won't go to prison
for the rest of your life.
Last chance. Rick.
- Hands on the back
of your head.
Do it now.
- You're gonna be OK.
Stay with me.
- We're good friends?
- Yeah.
- That's nice.
- How many times was he shot?
- Once in the abdomen.
- Hey. hang in there. buddy.
- Get me 2 units of O negative.
STAT.
- Get a crash cart on stand by.
- No!
- Saline in IV.
- Sir.
you're going into surgery.
I promise you'll get
all of this back.
- Not a chance.
The ring stays on.
- You two need to wait inside.
We'll take care of him
from here.
Page radiology.
I want X-rays.
- Hey. it's nothing
but a flesh wound. yeah?
You'll be fine.
- Yeah. it's a nothing thing.
Catch you on the other side.
- Go. let's go!
- Bex.
Hey. hey.
- How bad?
- We don't know yet.
- He lost a lot of blood.
- I don't like this.
He should be out by now.
- Doctor said he'd update us
as soon as he can.
Hassani's a rock.
He'll pull through.
- Gonna call Morales.
- The three of you.
with me--now.
Do you understand just what an
unmitigated disaster this is?
200 people were poisoned
with blood pressure medication.
including members of the press.
James Whitmore is dead.
And the escapee. Jenna Wells.
is in the wind.
not to mention
Hassani got himself shot.
- OK. they ambushed us.
- Whitmore's people
turned on us.
He wanted Jenna Wells
for himself.
- She was one
of his test subjects.
But you already knew that.
didn't you?
- Excuse me?
All of you are shut down.
effective immediately.
- Are you serious?
- Whoa. whoa. Hold on.
- Jenna Wells
is still out there.
You can't do this.
- I already did.
I'm closing the command center
until I can assemble
a proper team for the job.
one that understands
the meaning of discretion.
You three. dismissed--now.
- Can I speak with him?
Please. just one time.
Can I speak with him?
- Bex. how's Hassani?
- We. uh--we don't know yet.
But we did speak with Mallory.
Is it true
she's shutting us down?
- Yeah. I'm sorry.
There's nothing
I can do to stop them.
- Look. I need
to call Hassani's wife.
Can you get ahold
of her number?
- Bex. I thought you knew.
- Knew what?
- His wife died two years ago.
That's why he's been stateside
for the past couple years.
- What?
What is it?
- Your friend is awake.
- Bex. are you OK?
- Yeah. I'll call you back. OK?
- Yeah.
- Hey. buddy.
- Hey. what are you bums
still doing here?
Jenna's still out there.
- Well. we had to stick around.
make sure you weren't
giving the nurses
too hard a time.
- Doctor said
everything went great.
- Bex. you all right?
I mean. I'm the one
on a liquid diet
for the next couple months.
- Mallory shut us down.
She's bringing in
a new team to take over.
- Well. they're not here yet.
So if you want Wells.
you better get out there.
- Let's fly home.
get cleaned up.
meet back
at the command center.
We still have the plane.
We'll be in Cheyenne in 30.
We'll get her.
- I know you will.
Go on.
Get out of here.
- Bex. I got something here
that you need to see.
- Miss me?
- Come on. come on.
- Hey. it's Oliver Odell.
Leave a message.
- Oh. God.
- What have you done?
Where's Bex?
- I am Bex.
Over to the computer.
Let's go.
- Hi. this is Shane.
Leave it at the beep.
- Crap.
Shane. Jenna Wells
was in my room.
She took my gun.
my badge. and my phone.
She's at the command center
right now.
Don't call me back.
Just meet me there. OK?
- Shane. Jenna Wells
was in my room.
She took my gun.
my badge. and my phone.
- Bex.
- No. it's Sarah.
- Sarah. hey.
uh. can I call you back?
I'm just in the middle
of something.
- It's my dad.
He woke up.
If you want to play him
the tapes. I'm with him now.
- OK. uh. I'll come by
right after work.
- No. Shane. if you want to
do this. you need to come now.
The nurses don't know
how long this will last.
He might not even make it
through the night.
Shane. this might be
our only chance.
- If you've harmed
even a hair on her head--
- You'll what?
- Jenna.
- Jenna Wells is dead.
And now that Whitmore is dead.
the only place
that still has a record of
Jenna Wells' afterlife is here.
So you're gonna delete it.
- I'm not doing anything
until you tell me
what you've done to her.
- I think you already know.
But there is an antidote
to the neurotoxin
if you get it in time.
So do what I want. and maybe
you can still stop it.
Start deleting.
Why is this taking so long?
Hurry up.
Faster.
- I'm doing everything I can--
- Come on. Shane.
where are you?
- He's resting now.
We'll be back in a little bit.
Nice jacket. Jenna.
Put the gun down.
- Bex.
- You OK?
- Just shoot her.
- This is interesting.
- Put the gun down--now.
- Are we sure
we want Oliver alive?
He's caused us so much pain.
Oh. maybe we like pain.
- We want this to be over.
We don't want to hurt him.
- Are we sure?
I mean. he--he really.
really cares about us.
but do we feel the same?
- It's OK.
- Oh.
Oh. that's telling.
OK.
You know. we should visit
our daughter
when this is all over.
She really misses us.
- OK. look.
you can put on my clothes.
you can go through my messages.
but you are not me.
You are Jenna Wells.
- Jenna Wells is dead!
- No. she isn't.
And you want to know
how I know?
Because Anna Thomas
didn't know James Whitmore.
You did.
You wanted revenge.
You wanted to kill him.
- No. I deserved revenge!
- Charlotte? Oh.
- No. Dad. Mom's not here.
It's me. Sarah.
I need to show you
something. OK?
- You've added the big teeth.
hmm?
- Do you know who that is?
- That's the boy.
It's Shane.
- You two all right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. we're OK.
- Can I speak with him?
Please. just one time?
Can I speak with him?
- Voice recognition complete.
- Please. just one time.
- Who is that woman?
Why can't she be with her son?
- She's not down there anymore.
- She graduated.
- It's done.
- OK. we--
we need to get this cleaned up.
- Oliver.
- It's all right.
You don't need to explain.
You and I were a long time ago.
but
you always show up
when I need you.
- Oliver.
- Bex.
- Oh. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no.
Oh. God.
Shane. go get help now!
Go!
No.
You're fine.
No. it's all gonna be OK.
- I lied.
I lied.
I think about you and Sam.
I think about you guys.
- It's OK.